Add educational example to docs (#248)
cncastillo/KomaMRI.jl: docs/src/pluto-simulation.md

> # MRI simulation in Pluto
> 
> This example is extracted from the [Workshop MRI: Processing your Data](https://github.com/LIBREhub/MRI-processing-2023).
> 
> Within that workshop, you'll find pertinent presentations on [open-source software](https://github.com/LIBREhub/MRI-processing-2023/blob/main/02-simulation/day1_OpenSoftware_Nov2023.pdf) and an [introduction to MRI simulation](https://github.com/LIBREhub/MRI-processing-2023/blob/main/02-simulation/day1_MRI_simulation_Nov2023.pdf).
> 
> The following outlines tasks for simulating with **KomaMRI** in a **Pluto** notebook. We recommend attempting these tasks independently first and then reviewing the concealed solution.
> 
> ```@raw html
> <iframe type="text/html" src="../../../examples/pluto/simulation-example-empty.html" style="height:100vh;width:100%;"></iframe>
> ```
> ```@raw html
> <details><summary>View Solution</summary>
> <iframe type="text/html" src="../../../examples/pluto/simulation-example.html" style="height:100vh;width:100%;"></iframe>
> </details>
> ```
> ```@raw html
> <br>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MRI simulation in Pluto

This example was used in the workshop [MRI: Processing your own data](https://github.com/LIBREhub/MRI-processing-2023). In the workshop's GitHub you'll find:
 -  A presentation on [open-source software](https://github.com/LIBREhub/MRI-processing-2023/blob/main/02-simulation/day1_OpenSoftware_Nov2023.pdf) 
 - and an [introduction to MRI simulation](https://github.com/LIBREhub/MRI-processing-2023/blob/main/02-simulation/day1_MRI_simulation_Nov2023.pdf).

The participants used **KomaMRI** within a **Pluto** notebook to simulate some basic 1D sequences:  FID, Gradient Echo (GE), and Spin Echo (SE). Try to solve the problems yourself! 😼

```@raw html
<iframe type="text/html" src="../../../examples/pluto/simulation-example-empty.html" style="height:100vh;width:100%;"></iframe>
```

```@raw html
<details><summary>View Solution</summary>
<iframe type="text/html" src="../../../examples/pluto/simulation-example.html" style="height:100vh;width:100%;"></iframe>
</details>
```
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/cncastillo/KomaMRI.jl/pull/248/commits/ea2036a1a44166c4551226bd68e773cdfa0c4622

> Have fun!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
